[Music]
nothing I'm not
going to say anything I want you to
notice it yourselves look look at me you
've given me different but what's missing
now yes there won't be if I offer it or
not what are you pointing at me Ignacio damn I've been
two days now look look look at these
bezels these floors to oppress the yad what's
going on my kids I'm Javier and
measurements subscribe if you didn't know me and
today I'm going to start reacting to a
series that they've been asking me about
a lot these days I don't know what's
going on but it's called Venezuela Short it's
a reality show so you
know what a reality show is is a
program where they put in a series of
contestants and we see how they live together well
more or less the word reality says it
in their day to day lives they
are contestants of give it okay they are not
actors in this occasion it would be
a Venezuelan version of a program
that has already been broadcast in many
countries in my country they did it on the
beach of Gandia Gandia but I've also
seen others  versions from other countries
like for example 'jersey shore' i don't
really know if this is from the same
producer or it's an invitation but there's
a lot of commotion with this
awesome show so as it couldn't be
less on this channel where we talk about
all the controversies let's react i
promise i've seen absolutely
nothing of the Spanish edition we bring out
characters
that are really quite well known
on television today we have a line that
came out of there there will be Esteban Labrador
also came out of there all these
characters came out of there although today it
seems a little but we still
think they are dogs but they were still
much more meat back then I mean i
remember they were like feijóo
seven dogs locked in a mansion
for the whole summer and we
accompanied them in their coexistence when they
went out to party when they hooked up
well let's say it's like a kind of
big brother because it's also a
reality show but this time it was recorded
it's like they put them in a house and they
live together they go out to party and
hit each other there all summer but they are
recorded and then that is put together and we make
a series if I remember correctly there wasn't
no winner of nominations or anything like that
but I've been telling you for
many years in fact so nothing without
further delay I'm going to start reacting
to Venezuela short of course the
usual if you really like this series
you want me to continue supporting it with many
likes let me know in the comments
[Music]
nice house
and what a
summer they're going to have damn
Rodrigo Rodrigo seems to be holding on to what
more he's got in his hair
dude
what I'm seeing in this edition they
're all like very young both in the
Spanish edition and the Chelsea one I
remember they were young but
not that much these kids who can
be 16 15 I don't know the same thing they have
a lot of panela face but what I do
remember is that all those who were in
Gandia
were like very over they were all
very loved dude come on come on they are
very young it's not that I
congratulate them at 16 the same as in
Venezuela the age at which you are older
is earlier than here in Spain I don't know let's
see well look how old those people were
when  they competed for this it was in 2012
if we take for example Elena and Leen she is already
31 years old and this was seven years ago so
at that time she was
24 she attacked if these people let's go at
first glance they are much smaller you can
hear like the ass of will you
forgive me for the sound but it's not my fault it
's already a thing my birthplace and it already says
pretty great [ __ ] caramelito so rich
a website or nothing but it's a thing I'm a
pana de pana de pana who I want to
control is the money goodbye
okay he says that he has already been checking out his
partner on Instagram
and there is one that he has caught the
eye the skinny girl the skinny girl calls her
and none actually a taxi is coming that I
feel in Boca Chica and I didn't have something
interesting thanks for the information I didn't
understand a [ __ ] [ __ ] of what that
man said what was happening to him
that the house was spectacular in the
medn of Paraná
people who are not virgins
but guys if she still has a
virgin face that you can't stand her  go go
slap in the head is here
obviously the fact that he comes to me is
[ __ ] because that is going to cut off my
existential fluidity because it is made
crazier
damn galán I put his ex in let's see I want to
know how the casting is chosen for this
program
well here in Spain the
contestants were chosen by a valuable casting agency
people who present themselves to
participate in television programs
I personally was signed up on
a few occasions to participate in
Big Brother and then it happened to me that
they called me to participate in other
programs what happens is that I was not
interested because here I wanted to go to
Big Brother not another so these
are people who have signed up to go to
any program and they have proposed
this what a coincidence more coincidental that they put
your ex girlfriend in there
parts it does not fit me
but what do you know about how they know each other
before no it does not
fit me this time they know each other
before I have no [ __ ] idea why
if someone knows put it in
the comments but these people seem like they will
meet before Natalie the ones who
lend themselves too much be a candy from
God  of apple
[Applause]
because he advised and the nickname of the
handsome to insulted I
have thought this one no the confidence no that I
say I am then and with the hundreds
of before
because I am influences I understand no
well talking about instagram I don't know
what
Isabel to the girlfriend the girlfriend of this
guy gave me my super website or the French
nominated
by me that a
Pepsi-Cola truck ran over her your hole buddy they
anchor okay that I find you with your ex
girlfriend that you are already going to and knowing that you are
going to find her but I don't see it normal
that you take it and for you it doesn't exist or rather
greet her politely like you have to
live together for the time that she is there
politely and then if the
procedural problems of speaking come up but that thing about her
running over him I think she has
gone a little too far she is not
as a dick
but because she hasn't bought the clothes in
her size this girl I
think one girl is missing I am not going to lean on you
there are three girls and four boys
in this contest
listen perfectly they are very small
instincts for sure  who know cooking is
still calling the one who goes
but with a configuration
is configuration this can't be from the
same producer as the
old programs because they are very bad it is very
poorly produced I mean you can't hear
[ __ ] we are listening here three
conversations at the same time in quantity I am
18 now there were parties and stuff but they
were with their microphone in conditions I
think this is a limitation and that's it
parties or not
these girls for balls want us to
see her ass
[Music]
in the end she got involved she gets involved with her
boyfriend she gets social of
course my people the bedroom is a thing in
one that drives you crazy dad doesn't
generate it and healthy that he ran over a
truck of fish
to go
[Applause]
[Music]
what they are telling you the other guy
that I asked her for a hit
[Music]
[Applause]
what the [ __ ]
in my room
she hates me but to me
this is the house she
is like a goat this girl this
girl can't drink
d
[Applause]
what a waste the kids have if
bad
at home
that I hit her but now
lie  but for good reason because
removing the pool for now 13 sound
is real or have they mounted it I curse God
the glue the host really
if there are any doubts that this was out of the
lukewarm no I stay here we already
cleared up to the director and to the bari that
of av
well nothing guys up to here the first
reaction to Venezuela
has been a little like was to [ __ ] I wouldn't
know how to say or if I want to continue
reacting to this no worth it I leave it
in your hands I think this
can bring us a lot of laughter okay at least
kingdom of these people but as always on
this channel that yours decided
ok so nothing guys the best
next video
[Music]
or